---
title: 'Call for Papers for the 5th Annual PISCES Academic Workshop'
excerpt: 'The 5th Annual PISCES Academic Workshop will be held on 2 November 2023 in conjunction with the 27th CISSE at Kennesaw State University, Kennesaw, Georgia and on-line.'
coverImage: ''
date: 'March 27, 2023'
author:
  name:
ogImage:
  url: ''
---

The 5th Annual PISCES Academic Workshop will be held on 2 November 2023 in conjunction with the 27th CISSE at Kennesaw State University, Kennesaw, Georgia and on-line.    


The deadline is **15 September 2023**.


Paper topics may directly address PISCES or may address topics related to PISCES.  Example topics may include:

- **Tools and Techniques**
  - Detection Analytics
  - Novel Uses of Net Flow Data
  - Innovative Approaches Anomaly Detection
  - Improvements and Effectiveness of monitoring tools

- **Student Engagement and Learning**
  - Metrics of student engagement and activity
  - Research on student outcomes
  - Learning with live data and unknown content

- **Preparing students for the workforce**
  - SOC operations and the classroom
  - Understanding, defining, and educating for work roles
  - Balancing theory and practice

- **Public Infrastructure Protection**
  - Educating on protecting public infrastructure
  - Analyzing weakness in public infrastructure

**Paper Submission Guidelines**

To be considered for presentation at the 5th PISCES Workshop, please submit an original, unpublished paper by 15 September 2023.  Parallel submissions are not accepted.

Submit to: [papers@pisces-intl.org](mailto:papers@pisces-intl.org).

Student papers will be considered and are encouraged.

Papers will be reviewed by committee.

Papers should present a well-formed and capably written idea, which advances the field of cybersecurity, and which is adequately contextualized and sufficiently supported by the literature. The implications for general application should be clear as well as their advantage and importance to the at-large purposes of the field. Conclusions should be supported by analytic means, either empirical or subjectively derived through commonly accepted methods. Graphic, or tabular support is encouraged. 
 
Please use the [IEEE Manuscript Template](https://www.ieee.org/conferences/publishing/templates.html) for your submission.
- Word count range of approximately 2,500 to 4,000
- Include sufficient references that reflect sufficient consideration of the literature
- Include a no-more-than 250-word abstract
- Be sure that all photos, graphs and illustrations have a print resolution of no less than 300 dpi


Authors selected to present their papers must register for the 27th CISSE - [https://cisse.info/](https://cisse.info/)


