---
title: 'FY23 PISCES Survey Results'
excerpt: 'In FY23 PISCES conducted a survey of all data sharing partners to better understand the community, students and assist in the planning process for the next cohort.'
coverImage: ''
date: 'March 28, 2023'
author:
  name:
ogImage:
  url: ''
---


In FY23 PISCES conducted a survey of all data sharing partners to better understand the community, students and assist in the planning process for the next cohort. Thirteen (13) data sharing partners were surveyed, ten (10) of which provided feedback. Of the ten (10) data sharing partners, five (5) self-identified.  

Results from the survey indicated:  

1. Most of communities (66%) reported that elected officials and government executives were engaged and supportive or interested in the program. 
2. Five (5) communities providing feedback support communication for law enforcement, while one (1) performs automated traffic management and the other supports water and waste management. Anonymous submissions noted some organization provide support for both communication for law enforcement and election infrastructure. Similarly, one (1) organization reported supporting local city government, while another reported supporting city government that contracts out for services. 
3. Two (2) communities reported that alerts received from PISCES are actionable, while the remaining eight (8) communities, in an even split, reported that most or some alerts from PISCES were actionable. 
4. Half of the data sharing partners reported that PISCES alerts have resulted in the prevention of serious impacts to your organization, the other reported no large impacts. 
5. All but one partner noted that the PISCES monthly reports are useful for themselves as the designated point of contact and staff. On the other spectrum, one community reports distributing the report to selected individuals. 
6. Twenty percent (20% ) of data sharing partners noted that utilizing a PISES intern for defined tasks would be helpful to their organization, while sixty percent (60%) shared that it would be helpful dependent on the type of work. The other twenty percent noted that it would not be helpful for their organization. 
7. All communities shared their willingness to recommend PISCES to other organizations.  
8. One community partner reported its capability and willingness to hire a PISCES graduate. The remaining nine (9) communities have reported not having the capability or willingness to hire a PISCES graduate.
11. Additional highlights & quotes: 
    - “We really appreciate the service. We have an IT staff of 1 and minimal budget so this service is very valuable.”
    - “Great program.  If we had a need for PISCES graduate, would definitely consider.”
    - “Regarding question 10, we are willing, however, we cannot fund the position right now. We currently have a former PISCES student as an intern.”


