---
title: 'Eight Days Left to Apply for 2022 CyberForce Competition'
excerpt: 'The annual CyberForce Competition will be held as a hybrid competition this year on November 4-5, 2022. Registration is now open for the 2022 CyberForce Competition® for both student teams and volunteers. '
coverImage: ''
date: 'September 22, 2022'
author:
  name: Christian Perry
ogImage:
  url: ''
---

## CyberForce Competition 2022
Registration is now open for the DOE's [2022 CyberForce Competition®](https://cyberforce.energy.gov/) for both student teams and volunteers. Upon registering, you will be asked for your preference of in-person or virtual.  
-	Want to know about what to expect if choosing in person at the Q Center? Visit the [What to Expect at the Q Center page](https://cyberforce.energy.gov/cyberforce-competition/location/q-center-in-person/).  
-	In-person benefits include demos of the Conquer the Hill: Reign Edition, networking with sponsors, industry, national laboratory staff, and federal partners, awards ceremony, 1:1 interaction with onsite volunteer (red and green) leads, onsite amenities, tours of nature trails, direct communication with competition staff pre-competition, and more…
- Upon acceptance, a link to book in-person rooms will be sent. 
- The solar and energy storage scenario has been posted and can be found [here](https://cyberforce.energy.gov/cyberforce-competition/scenario/). 
- Registration will close September 30. Be sure to register today. 
 
## Virtual Career Fair
All participants of the CyberForce® Program will be invited to join our virtual career fair held on October 12, 2022. Industry, national laboratories, and federal agencies will be in attendance to recruit for jobs and internships for their agencies. Interested in learning more or getting a booth, please email [cyberforcecompetition@anl.gov](cyberforcecompetition@anl.gov). 
 
## Sponsorship
Calling all companies who are interested in investing in the next generation of their workforce! CyberForce has had over 2,000 participants and with various sponsorship tiers, you are sure to find yourself a great home and networking opportunity that fits your budget. Every tier has a career fair booth, and we welcome all companies to participate at the CyberForce Competition. Please reach out today if you are interested in learning more! 
